Project Overview
For my final project I decided to pull the articles from Equity between 1939 and 1945, or as you might notice, World War Two. Initially, I wanted my project to be an interactive timeline where users would see brief bullets for each year, and could click on them if they wanted to get even more information. This idea was largely inspired by the project I saw done by Sebastian Mol, I really liked the way he created his map of nuclear research. I was also slightly influenced by the current affairs in the United States when I was selecting a topic to search for within the articles.

Methods
 To create this timeline, I drew upon what I had learned in class on using wget to download each of the selected years. I would then use regular expressions to filter out files that didn’t contain the word Nazi or Germany. This is because I was particularly interested in the opinion of the Equity writers pertaining directly to the Nazis and their actions. 
Challenges
The first problem I ended up running into was that when I searched with these keywords I got an overwhelming number of hits, and I wasn’t sure how I could further narrow down my search criteria without ruling out the information I wanted. The solution was to instead search the last article of each month. This went smoothly, and if I was to have any complaint now, it might be that it reduced my sample size too much. The next problem that I ran into was putting the information into an interactive display, with my limited knowledge of JavaScript (which I concluded would be my best bet), and my inability to find a tool to assist me in creating this timeline, my initial plans were stopped. Instead, I decided to cut out the interactive portion, and simply create a regular timeline. I struggled to create the timeline as frankly I didn’t know where to start. I ended up overthinking it and made something pretty simple into a large consumption of time.

Reflection
In reflection, this project was really fun to complete. It had been a while since I had looked at the history of WW2, and although I’m not pursuing a career in history, I do find it to very informative and even fun to learn about events of the past. If I could change anything about this project it would be to decide on a topic earlier on. I wish I could have made the timeline interactive, and I wish I had more time to go through a larger sample size of article entries. I think I’ve grown a lot throughout this course, especially in terms of documentation. At the beginning my fail logs were small with hardly any information, and honestly, hardly any effort. As the course went on I learned to appreciate the details of having a log like this. This lead to me using my github more which was a goal of mine before I even started this course. I also learned things that I managed to put into work with this project. All in all, I think it has been a success.


